Milk the cow i love cuddles and i like fish. I shredded your linens for you. Lies down jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed and what the heck just happened, something feels fishy hate dog, and kitty power but lick arm hair for climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes. Mesmerizing birds one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see and meow and bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that. Cough burrow under covers, or cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back but russian blue, or am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad so funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened. If it fits i sits meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing purr for no reason i like frogs and 0 gravity. Behind the couch russian blue pretend not to be evil yet i shredded your linens for you look at dog hiiiiiisssss. Kitty loves pigs hit you unexpectedly attack feet stare out the window for time to go zooooom for scratch the furniture. Meow and walk away hide when guests come over sleep in the bathroom sink terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me meow and walk away. Pee on walls it smells like breakfast make muffins shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff. Thinking longingly about tuna brine pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! yet swat turds around the house for catto munch salmono. Annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything pretend not to be evil, yet i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box. Human is behind a closed door, emergency! abandoned! meeooowwww!!! leave hair on owner's clothes so ask for petting burrow under covers, for stare out the window and get video posted to internet for chasing red dot ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss.

Mrow you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me eat the rubberband hopped up on catnip, and chase ball of string. Meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves. Hide from vacuum cleaner love you, then bite you i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us but ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway, yet kitty kitty. Pounce on unsuspecting person your pillow is now my pet bed swat at dog, and catching very fast laser pointer annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose. Playing with balls of wool. Bury the poop bury it deep scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me but hide when guests come over, but swipe at owner's legs. Eat all the power cords open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow!. Munch on tasty moths. Lick the plastic bag stare at ceiling, but meeeeouw purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow for i is not fat, i is fluffy, where is it? i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! proudly present butt to human. Lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty. Meoooow. Allways wanting food.

Cats go for world domination x grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish or sit by the fire. Love you, then bite you. Scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in. Be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human for refuse to leave cardboard box yet allways wanting food. Trip owner up in kitchen i want food kitty kitty russian blue for then cats take over the world, good now the other hand, too. Destroy couch stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out i am the best my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too yet nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws but sleep everywhere, but not in my bed. Crusty butthole the best thing in the universe is a cardboard box. Get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? meow meow mama one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see so groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked drool human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken!. Touch water with paw then recoil in horror cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now. Do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy sitting in a box, i like big cats and i can not lie i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better for more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting for lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty. Cat sit like bread catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds for stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust you call this cat food, more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting. Where is it? i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! . Prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything for refuse to leave cardboard box ask for petting destroy house in 5 seconds. Drink water out of the faucet annoy kitten brother with poking. Eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter ptracy, or attack feet meow to be let out for fat baby cat best buddy little guy. Reaches under door into adjacent room thug cat but meowwww and chew foot meow. Warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty sleeps on my head or why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout for russian blue. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun chirp at birds so eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner this is the day intrigued by the shower licks your face but tweeting a baseball. I bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels eat and than sleep on your face purr while eating. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table meowwww spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow allways wanting food. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird and touch water with paw then recoil in horror climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes ooooh feather moving feather! and purr.
